Accessible Design Co. is a responsive webpage that was created for an company that creates, innovates, and champions accessibility throughout the web.  It is ficitious and as so I made myself and Assaf Rappaport co-CEOs and Fouders of Accessible Design Co. 
With Accessible Design Co. you can contact this fictious company to help you with a number of helpful services such as: Website Audits, Acessible Web Design, Remediation Services, take part in accessibility training and workshops, Accessibility Consulting, Assistive Technology Intergration, Testing with Diverse Users, and Compliance Certification. 
Accessible Design Co. webpage provides you with information about the co-CEOs and Founders, Frances Reagan James, Ph.D and Assaf Rappaport and why they created ADC. 
ADC Webpage also enables you to push a call to action button to contact the ADC company and begin your accessibility learning journey:). This page has contact emails for both
CEOs and a contact form to fill out with your name, address, state, postal code, and email so that the ADC team can connect with your needs.
If you use the ADC Webpage you will have a treasure trove of accessibility mavericks at your fingertips.
Regarding the creation of this webpage:
The accessibility challenges I faced were namely, using the correct ARIA labeling, and ensuring the site elements were responsive. I solved some of the accessibility issues and resolved the responsive page requirements except for on the "welcome" section--I still have not figured out how to keep this section's responsiveness. I was still analyzing the why I could not keep it from floating on top of the other sections once I inspected/tested the site's responsiveness in the dev tools.
Throughout the process of creation, I would periodically test the webpage's responsiveness and accessibility with developer tools, namely: Inspect (right click on the page itself and click on "inspect"). In this developer window I could look at the elements of HTML code and CSS, enable the running of the "Accessibility Tree", and look at ARIA attributes among many other tools. One set tool I primarily used was the "Lighthouse" extension and its ability to analzye the webpage via its "analyze page load" function. By clicking on "Analyze Page Load" in Lighthouse, I found the page's over all rating on the topics of performance, accessibility, best practices, and SEO.. Once the webpage was analyzed I used this rating and the detailed reasons why it received its ratings by going directly to the reported issue listed in the lighthouse dev tool window and then going into VS and manually fixing the issue if I could. I was sometimes successful at resolving the issue, and yet some issues still alluded me due to me being new really working with html, css, and a little javascript to create webpages. I will continue to self-study on the weekends to try and review what the class has covered to date and use additional resources to fill in any gaps. 
